Update multi-user-task.md with awaitAllUsers behavior (#6309)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/refguide/modeling/application-logic/workflows/workflow-elements/multi-user-task.md

| Absolute number | The specified amount of targeted users who should select an outcome to complete the multi-user task.<br><br>**Amount**: The property that defines the absolute number. |
| Percentage | The specified percentage of targeted users who should select an outcome to complete the multi-user task. The result of applying the percentage will be rounded upwards to the nearest mathematical integer value.<br><br>For example, when there are 19 targeted users and the **Percentage** is set to `50%`, then 10 users need to select an outcome to complete the multi-user task. |

##### 2.5.1.1 Set overall outome

> This property determines when the user task is completed. It has not influence on the final outcome of the user task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property determines when the user task will be completed. That can be either once sufficient users have completed the task to determine the outcome or after all the targeted users have completed the task. This option has no influence on the final outcome of the user task. For the sake of efficiency, the option to complete the task once sufficient users have completed the task is selected.
```

Possible options are described in the table below:
| Set overall outcome | Description |
| --- | --- |

> | After all participants completed the task | The user task is completed only when Each of the required participants has selected an outcome. |
> | Once sufficient participants completed the task | The user task is completed as soon as a stable outcome can be determined from the outcomes that haven been selected so far. The remaining participants will no longer be able to select an outcome after this. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| After all participants completed the task | The completion condition is evaluated after all the targeted users has selected an outcome. This means that even though an overall outcome can be determined from the current outcomes, the multi-user task will not yet be completed until all targeted users have selected an outcome. |
| Once sufficient participants completed the task | The completion condition is evaluated after each user selects an outcome. When a user selects an outcome and this results in the multi-user task to be completed, this multi-user task will be removed from the inbox of the remaining users, as their votes will not change the final outcome of the multi-user task. |
```
